feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/dunitspace` (#11727)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dunitspace/README.md

WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dunitspace

> Fill a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray with linearly spaced numeric elements which increment by `1` starting from a specified value.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dunitspace = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dunitspace' );
```

#### dunitspace( arrays )

Fills a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray with linearly spaced numeric elements which increment by `1` starting from a specified value.

```javascript
var Float64Vector = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/vector/float64' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

var x = new Float64Vector( [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ] );
// returns <ndarray>[ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ]

var start = scalar2ndarray( 3.0, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});

var out = dunitspace( [ x, start ] );
// returns <ndarray>[ 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a starting value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a starting value.
```
